https://codepen.io/unbreakablemaster/pen/QWpapZj?editors=1100



1. What is Semantic HTML?
 It reinforce meaning of the information rather than just define its look.
    2. What is HTML used for?
 HTML is used to structure a web page and its content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An Attribute defgine additional characteristics or properties of the element, it usually consists of name/value pairs and an attibute value should always be enclosed in quotation marks.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It indicates the most important  heading of a website and you should use it only once on a page, it is like a movie title, yopu don't have two names for a movie, only one.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Img and a. 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
 The head of our HTML contains:
a) Information such as the page <title>;
b) Links to CSS;
c) Links to favicons;
d) Other Metadata (data about theHTML, such as the author, and important keywords that describe the document)
    7. What is an id? 
It is an attribute that specifies an unique id for a HTML element. It is used to point a specific style declaration in a style sheet. It is also used by JS to access and manipulate the element with the specific id.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Elements that will be styled according to the id, example <h1>.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
An id name must only be used by one HTML element within the page.
    
  10. What is a class? 
It is an attribute that specifies one or more class names for a HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
It can be used on any HTML element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
You can use the same class on multiple elements.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
You target it to blank.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
It is used to describe the image.When the link is broken it appears.

    15. How do I reference an id?
Using # (hash character) followed by an id name.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as a entry in an outline on a page. Each section should be identified, typically by including a heading as a child of the section element, it is not a generic container element.
Div does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class, lang and title attributes.
In conclusion, when an element is needed ONLY for styling purposes, authors are encouraged to use the div element instead of section.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
It is used for presentation.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

h2{

}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
ID is used to identify ONE SINGLE element that have a particular style applied to our HTML it maches an element based on the value of its id attribute. Id's have special abilities in the browser (hash power).
Class can be used to identify more than one elements, it is not unique.
I would say that yoy can use ID for header, footer and menu for example (because you can only have one header, one footer, ... ) and class for paragraphs, links, list, buttons, input boxes...


    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
(.) period character followed by the name of the class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
Start with the element name, then write the (.) period character, followed by the name of the class, so it will be: 
p.human{

}



    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
It selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. One good example is to select all <li> elements that are direct child of an <ul> element with a classname.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar{

}


    24. What is a pseudo selector?
It is a mechanism for hooking into this kind of temporary user information.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Use the line-height property. The space between lines is called leading.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Use the letter-spacing property. The space between letters is called kerning.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Use the text-transform property.
   
text-transform:uppercase;
text-transform:lowercase;
text-transform:capitalize;

                    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

div{
  border:1px dotted black;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{

}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* comment */ you can use: command+option+/ on MAC as a shortcut.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Use the command pwd and that stands for "Print Working Directory".

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Use the command ls and it stands for "list files".

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Use the commend rm (remove). When you run it you are not moving to the Trash, there is no way back.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
It is important to keep track of changes and keep ervery team member working off the latest version.


    35. How often should I commit to github?
Often, it is not necessary for every changing but let's say every 20 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Oh God, I am so tired! let's go:
1- Fork
2-check if it is your name
3-clone 
4-go to terminal, use cd to go to the directory wher you are going to want to clone your forked Repo
5-use git clone <link-to-repo>
6- cd into the newly repo: cd <repo-name>
7- create your own branch name for the repo: git checkout -b priscila-monteiro
8-work on your Repo (finally!)
9- Add and Commit: a) git add 
                   b) git commit -m "message explaining what changes you've added"
10- Push your changes to your Gitbub repo: git push
11- Submit a Pull Request
12- Go back to your forked project and select your name-branch then click new pull request
13-it redirects you to the pull request page, when you get to this page click the dropdown button "base repository" and change it to be your Forked Repo instead of the original repo
14- click Create Pull request

----------------Stretch------------------
 1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
An ilnine element do not force a new line to begin in the document flow (by default:<a>, <br>, <span>, ...). A block -level element occupies the entire horizontal space of its parent element (container), and vertical space equal to the height of its contents, thereby crating a block and that causes a line break to occur (by default:<address>, <div>, <footer>, <h1-h6>, <header>, <li>, <main>, <nav>, <p>, <section>, ...) .

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
It is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

display:flex;
width: 700 px;
I have NO idea! 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
I've already named some above.
Inline-block - The element itself is formatted as an inline element, but it can apply height and width values, and the top and bottom margins/paddings are respected, but with display:inline they are not. Also, does not add a line-break after the element, so the element can sit next to other elements. One example would be to display list items horizontally instead of vertically. 

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

All HTML elements can be considered as boxes.
The "box model" is a box that wraps aroun every HTML element.
It consists of:
- Margins;
- Borders;
- Padding;
- Content.



   --> 